= Trac RPC plugin =

Remote Procedure Call interface for Trac.

Protocols:
 * XML-RPC
 * JSON-RPC
 
API support:
 * search
 * system
 * ticket
 * ticket.component
 * ticket.milestone
 * ticket.priority
 * ticket.resolution
 * ticket.severity
 * ticket.status
 * ticket.type
 * ticket.version
 * wiki

== Installing and Using ==

See http://trac-hacks.org/wiki/XmlRpcPlugin for details on how to install, how
get help, and how to report issues.

== API Documentation ==

The API documentation is available at `<project_url>/rpc` for projects that
have the plugin installed and enabled. It can be accessed by all users that
have been granted `XML_RPC` permission.

== Development ==

The Trac RPC plugin uses pluggable interfaces to do all its work. That means it
is easy to extend, and currently supports:
 * protocols; add a new protocol in addition to the builtin ones and read input
   and answer request in whatever form and format needed.
 * methods; adding new methods available for remote procedure calls that will
   work for any enabled protocol.

See source for documentation. The source code can be obtained from:

http://trac-hacks.org/svn/xmlrpcplugin/

For work on the plugin itself (for submitting patches and more), please verify
patches by running unittests (requires Trac source code on path):
{{{
python setup.py test
}}}

== Thanks ==

Thanks to all those that use the plugin, and contribute with error reports,
and patches for bugs and enhancements. Special thanks to:
 * Matt Good
 * Steffen Pingel
 * Olemis Lang

== License ==

{{{
Copyright (c) 2005-2008, Alec Thomas (alec@swapoff.org)
Copyright (c) 2009, CodeResort.com/BV Network AS (simon-code@bvnetwork.no)

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 3. Neither the name of the copyright holder(s) nor the names of its
    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
    software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
}}}
